In this video we're going to make sure that a user can click on that edit button and navigate to a forum
where they can edit some attributes of this particular product.
Now putting together an edit forum is going to be just a little bit different than some of the new forms
we put together already.
When I say new form I mean like whenever we click on new product right here we see a form with some
empty inputs.
There's no values inside of here whatsoever.
But when we start to think about editing an existing product well we essentially need to kind of pre
populate those input elements.
So here's the new form.
Back in our mockups.
So when we show the new form we just say oh yeah this is where the product name goes and price goes
and we allow the user to fill out those inputs from scratch but now that we're handling the edit functionality
whenever a user first comes to this form we need to somehow pre populate those inputs with the attributes
of the record that they are trying to edit.
So again this time around showing a form is gonna be just slightly different.
The first thing we need to think about is how we can somehow decide what product to show inside this
form at all.
So of course we know that a user is going to click on like that edit button right there and that's going
to correspond to editing this record.
But we need to somehow communicate the fact that we want to edit that product right there to our root
handler that is going to create the form and send it back to the browser.
So to do so what we normally do is we take the idea of the record that we are trying to display inside
of our edit form and we throw it into the URL to take a look at this your structure right here inside
the CRL.
We have admin products and then the 20 right there is not the price that was actually kind of a bad
match up will change us to something like that.
So this would mean I want to show an edit form for the product with I.D. 2 9 3 4 8 6 0 so before we
even start to think about showing the form to the user the first thing we have to do is to make sure
that we encode the idea of the product that we want to edit into that button right there.
So this button right here needs to have an appropriate link or an H ref or an anchor tag to it that
says if you click on this button I'm going to show you an edit form for product with I.D. 2 8 6 9 4
3 whatever whatever whatever so let's go back to our index form or submit our index template that's
showing this page right now we're going to update that edit button and make sure that we encode the
I.D. of each product inside of their okay.
So get active use admin products index it is right here I'm going to find our map statement inside there
I already have an anchor element around our edit button and so inside there I'm going to put in admin
slash products slash and now we want to do a little bit of string interpolation and throw in the very
particular idea the product that we're currently iterating over so I'll do a dollar sign curly brace
product dot I.D. slash edit it's now we're going to have a collection of very different anchor tags
being displayed for every product we're going to have a different anchor tag with a different HCF property
so now we can save this I'm going to refresh and now if I open up my element inspector and inspect any
of these edit buttons I should see something like that admin products and then the idea of that particular
product for a special coat.
Now of course you're going to see a different I.D. right there because we are generating our ideas at
random.
Now if I click on that you are always going to say products that I.D. slash edit.
Now we need to put together a root handler to receive this request right here a request to admin products
I.D. slash EDIT Let's take another quick pause and figure that part out and then just a moment.